Welcome back I hope you had fun refactoring this game to use D-3 in this video.
I'll briefly review my approach to refactoring this code before I get started in the app.
Yes let me first load D-3 from a script tag in my index that age TNL.
Otherwise I won't get very far with this retractor OK.
Let's hop into the javascript file.
There's not really a D-3 pattern weights of the dom content to load so we can leave the first line as
is the first opportunity for refactoring is right here where we're grabbing the start button by its
ID in general whenever you see document that get element by ID.
That's an opportunity to use a D-3 selection instead.
So let's use D-3 not select to grab this button by its ID from here.
We can also directly attach the event listener for clicks inside of the callback.
We have a couple more references to document that get element by ID.
So let's do what we did before and replace them with D-3 selections.
Now the callback itself looks good but the Tongo classes function could use some refactoring.
Here we see that Tuggle classes uses the class list property but if we're using the three selections
we'll have to use the class method to implement the same functionality.
Let me replace the element argument with the word selection to make it clearer that I'm working with
a D-3 selection this refactor is a little tricky because D-3 doesn't have a simple toggle method.
Instead we'll have to use the class method twice.
First we can use it as a getter to see whether the class name index is present on the selection.
Then we'll need to use classed as a setter and flipped the logical value of the variable We just declared.
In other words if classes set is true then the classes set on the element and we should remove it.
Otherwise classes set is false and we should add the class to the IL.
Either way the class will be toggled.
Great let's keep going inside of start game.
We have another get element by ID that we can remove.
If we make the wordlist variable store a D-3 selection instead.
Then we can also replace the vanilla javascript code right here by just taking our selection using the
append method to append a new ally and then using the text method to set the inner text before we move
on from this function.
Let's also remove this reference to add event listener since our wordlist is now a D-3 selection.
We can simply use the on method get random values and shuffle don't involve the dom at all.
So the next place we can refactor isn't set guest count.
Once again we can use D-3 got select instead of get element by ID here and once we have a D-3 selection
we can use method chaining to set the entire text.
The last function we need to update is update game.
There is a fair amount of work to do here.
First of all update game uses the event object pretty heavily.
But remember in D-3 we only access the event object to be a D-3 dot event so we can remove the argument
from the function.
Also it will be convenient to turn the event target into a D-3 selection so that we can use D-3 methods.
So the first thing I'll do is grab the event target and wrap it in the 3. select.
This makes the if statement on the next line.
A little trick.
D-3 selections don't have a tag name properties so I'll have to take our target variable all node on
it to expose the underlying HVM element and then access the tag name.
The second expression is a little more straightforward.
We can just use the class method.
Let's keep going.
There are a couple of references to inner text and classless down here below we can once again use the
theories class and text methods to retractor these lines.
Lastly we come to this if statement.
We already refactor interval classes to accept D-3 selections so we need to replace a couple more documents
that get element by IDs.
It might seem like we're done but there's one more small refactor we can make Remember that we can use
on Andy 3 to remove event listeners as well as add them so we can refactor these lines involving remove
the event listener.
The keyword this refers to the wordless.
So if we turn this element into a D-3 selection we can then use on and pass and no for the second argument.
This will remove the event handler for Clix.
Great I hope you found this helpful.
Try this code out for yourself to make sure the game still works when you're ready.
I'll meet you in the next video.